Make README more useful (#45)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-socket-stats: README.md

![](./resources/official_armmbed_example_badge.png)
# Socket Statistics Mbed OS Example

> This guide reviews the steps required to get socket statistics on an Mbed OS enabled platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how you can collect statistics from network sockets on an Mbed OS enabled platform.
```

You can refer [mbed-os-example-sockets](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-sockets/blob/master/README.md) example for more information about network socket setup.

You can build the project with all supported [Mbed OS build tools](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/latest/tools/index.html). However, this example project specifically refers to the command-line interface tool [Arm Mbed CLI](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-cli#installing-mbed-cli).

1. [Install Mbed CLI](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/latest/quick-start/offline-with-mbed-cli.html).

1. Clone this repository on your system, and change the current directory to where the project was cloned:

    ```bash
    $ git clone git@github.com:armmbed/mbed-os-example-socket-stats && cd mbed-os-example-socket-stats
    ```

    Alternatively, you can download the example project with Arm Mbed CLI using the `import` subcommand:

    ```bash
    $ mbed import mbed-os-example-socket-stats && cd mbed-os-example-socket-stats
    ```

## Application functionality

> 

Reviewer: You can enable socket statistics by setting `nsapi.socket-stats-enabled` to true in `mbed_app.json`: _give example_

> The `main()` function gets the default instance of a network interface and set up the socket connection. It also starts a thread to print socket statistics such as  `reference_id`, `state`, `proto`, `sent_bytes`, `recv_bytes`, `last_change_tick` on the serial interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `main()` function opens a socket on the Ethernet interface and creates a TCP connection to generate some data traffic. It also starts a thread to periodically print socket statistics such as  `reference_id`, `state`, `proto`, `sent_bytes`, `recv_bytes`, `last_change_tick` on the console.
```

> 

Reviewer: The current example is configured to use the Ethernet interface on supported devices. To use the example with a different interface, please follow the [socket example readme](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-sockets/blob/master/README.md).

Num: 12    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Num: 12    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Num: 13    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Num: 13    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Num: 14    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Num: 14    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Num: 15    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Num: 15    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
```
The information below shows how to interpret the above fields:

```
Num:            Number of times socket state changes and repeated the same value to indicate TCP and UDP
ID:             Socket id
State:          Socket states
Protocol:       TCP, UDP
Sent bytes:     Number of bytes sent through this socket  
Received bytes: Number of bytes received through this socket
Time in us:     When state last changed
```

> ## Network interface and Socket statistics target configuration

Reviewer: The content of this section should move under `Application functionality`

Socket statistics can be enabled by `nsapi.socket-stats-enabled: true` and to select a network interface by `target.network-default-interface-type: ETHERNET` configuration in `mbed_app.json` as below:
```
{
    "target_overrides": {
        "*": {
            "nsapi.socket-stats-enabled": true,
            "target.network-default-interface-type": "ETHERNET"
        }
    }
}
```
This example is configured to use `Ethernet` Network interface.

## Troubleshooting 
If you have problems, you can review the [documentation](https://os.mbed.com/docs/latest/tutorials/debugging.html) for suggestions on what could be wrong and how to fix it. 

## Related links

* [Mbed OS network socket API](https://docs.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os-api-reference/en/latest/APIs/communication/network_sockets/).
* [Mbed OS socket stats API](https://os.mbed.com/docs/latest/apis/socketstats.html).

> * [Mbed OS configuration](https://os.mbed.com/docs/latest/reference/configuration.html).

Reviewer: Also add:   [Network interfaces](https://os.mbed.com/docs/latest/apis/network-interfaces.html)

}
```

> The `main()` function opens a socket on the Ethernet interface and creates a TCP connection to generate some data traffic. It also starts a thread to periodically print socket statistics such as  `reference_id`, `state`, `proto`, `sent_bytes`, `recv_bytes`, `last_change_tick` on the serial interface.

Reviewer: You should use the variable names shown in the console, so `ID`, `State` etc.

Iteration: 10    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Iteration: 11    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Iteration: 11    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Iteration: 12    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Iteration: 12    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Iteration: 13    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Iteration: 13    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Iteration: 14    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Iteration: 14    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
Iteration: 15    ID: 0x2000e208    State: Connected Proto: TCP    Sent: 58    Recv: 0    Time: 7815
Iteration: 15    ID: 0x2000e050    State: Closed    Proto: UDP    Sent: 31    Recv: 257    Time: 7615
```
The information below shows how to interpret the above fields:

```

> Iteration:      Number of times socket state changes and repeated the same value to indicate TCP and UDP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iteration:      Number of times socket state changes
```
